it boosts fans have a quick lesson on
doing a minor blues shuffle which is a
little bit different you'll hear too
often and when you're doing a normal
shuffle were going to be playing in a so
up here on the on the fifth fret and you
know me with a normal shuffle you going
like this you're going from the fifth up
to the sixth with your little finger
here yo but in the minor shuffle instead
of going up to that sixth we're gonna
play down here on the first string or
it's going to be the low E string on the
on the eighth fret which is the flat
third so it's like this okay instead of
this we're playing this okay so that's
the one of the one four five minor blues
and then when we go to the four core
which is the D we just drop everything
down
let's drink okay so we're at the fifth
on the a seventh on the D and then we're
gonna hit up on the eighth on the a okay
and then back down on the five core
which is the e okay we're playing seven
a nine on the D and then we're hitting
up on the the 10th on the a string okay
so there in between those we're actually
going to play the minor chords the full
bar chords so it's going to be sound
something like this
okay so we're right here we're playing
an a minor 7th bar chord so barring
across the fifth fret and then we're
gonna have our finger on the seventh
fret on the a and we want to play a full
minor you can play the seventh fret on
the D also or
okay so it's and then the full bar
course I'd like to give a little
emphasis on the upstroke okay so and
then when you go to the D you're playing
the B minor seventh bar chords or
barring across the fifth fret and then
we're playing the seventh on the D and
also the sixth Omni B okay so that's the
the D minor so it's we go up to the e
and we're playing that a minor seventh
bar chord again we're going across the
seventh fret and we're playing the ninth
on the G excuse me knife on a D and the
eighth on the B so you can do some
muting on the shuffle part and then kind
of open it up for the bar chords okay so
for those of you who aren't ready for
bar chords there's an easy way to play
it down in the open position
you